SR2020 New competition date (#206)
srobo/website: covid-19.md

## The Competition

> Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, we are postponing Student Robotics 2020 from the original date in April, until the **weekend of the 4th July** (Subject to change).

Reviewer: grammar nit:
```suggestion
Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, we are postponing Student Robotics 2020 from the original date in April, until the **weekend of the 4th July** (subject to change).
```

> Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, we are postponing Student Robotics 2020 from the original date in April, until the **weekend of the 4th July** (Subject to change).

Reviewer: Perhaps expand a little on what might cause this to change?
```suggestion
Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, we are postponing Student Robotics 2020 from the original date in April, until the **weekend of the 4th July** (subject to review mid-May).
```
